docs: create standalone documentation (#167)
GenomicMedLab/cool-seq-tool: docs/source/usage.rst

> Using cool-seq-tool

Author: I'd really appreciate feedback about the wording and accuracy of the description for this page -- I felt like I might be off base about how certain parameters are used

===================

> The core ``cool-seq-tool`` class provides three main methods: :ref:`transcript to genomic coordinates conversion <tr-to-g>`, :ref:`genomic to transcript coordinates conversion <g-to-tr>`, and :ref:`FASTA generation for a reference sequence <generate-fasta>`. This section provides an overview and describes basic procedures for each method.

Reviewer: Should we put that these methods were made for and are used in Fusion Curation?

> The core ``cool-seq-tool`` class provides three main methods: :ref:`transcript to genomic coordinates conversion <tr-to-g>`, :ref:`genomic to transcript coordinates conversion <g-to-tr>`, and :ref:`FASTA generation for a reference sequence <generate-fasta>`. This section provides an overview and describes basic procedures for each method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core ``CoolSeqTool`` class provides three main methods: :ref:`transcript to genomic coordinates conversion <tr-to-g>`, :ref:`genomic to transcript coordinates conversion <g-to-tr>`, and :ref:`FASTA generation for a reference sequence <generate-fasta>`. This section provides an overview and describes basic procedures for each method.
```

Initialization
--------------

The ``CoolSeqTool`` class can be initialized with no arguments to use default locations for all data sources:

.. code-block:: python

   from cool_seq_tool import CoolSeqTool
   cst = CoolSeqTool()

When used in an environment that contains existing Gene Normalizer and SeqRepo instances, those instances can be passed directly to the initialization method to reuse them:

.. code-block:: python

   from cool_seq_tool import CoolSeqTool
   from cool_seq_tool.paths import SEQREPO_ROOT_DIR
   from biocommons.seqrepo import SeqRepo
   from gene.query import QueryHandler
   from gene.database import create_db as create_gene_db

   reusable_gene_normalizer = QueryHandler(create_gene_db())
   reusable_seqrepo = SeqRepo(SEQREPO_ROOT_DIR)
   cst = CoolSeqTool(
       gene_query_handler=reusable_gene_normalizer,
       sr=reusable_seqrepo
   )

See the :py:meth:`__init__ <cool_seq_tool.app.CoolSeqTool.__init__>` method documentation for more information and default argument values.

.. _tr-to-g:

> Transcript to genomic coordinates

Reviewer: I don't know if transcript is used for r. reference sequences as well, but it might be good to state that this is for c. (coding DNA) only atm

---------------------------------

> .. TODO is this a correct description of why the `gene` arg can be provided?

Reviewer: I'd have to look at my notes, but I thought it's because the users can supply the gene on the fusion curation UI
